(Yuma)
Last time on
"YuGiOh: ZEXAL"...
Come on Vector,
let's see what you've got!
I always knew you
were a coward.
How dare you speak
to me that way!
You don't command
any respect, unlike Nash.
Speaking of your dear,
beloved brother...
You didn't have
the itsy-bitsiest clue
that I already
caught him!
(shocked gasp)
Nash!
Every time I get
my life points back,
I get my energy
by stealing his!
(maniacal laughing)
(man)
Well, well, well!
If it ain't my
ol' pal Alito.
I can't believe you
betrayed Don Thousand
to team up with Yuma.
But I can believe
I'm gonna take you out!
You're gonna need
this Alito.
Beat Girag with
this Number.
It'll free him
of Don Thousand.
I won't let
you down Yuma.
I activate the trap
Sacred Shield!
Dumon... You're brilliant!
This makes Ragnafinity powerful
enough to defeat Vector!
We'll win!
Sacred Shield
has one final effect.
I must take all
the damage
that it absorbed
at the end of this turn.
That means
you'll lose!
I end my turn.
Dumon!
Ragnafinity attack
Manipulator of Souls!
I did it Dumon.
I won.
(maniacal laughing)
Huh?!
♪
♪Still together as one ♪
♪'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪So don't stand
in our way ♪
♪You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪If I trip up today ♪
♪And just
wipe it away ♪
♪All of my fears are
gone erased ♪
♪Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪The bonds of our souls can't
be replaced ♪
♪Let us fight together ♪
♪Regretting never
our dreams will be ♪
♪Halfway to forever ♪
♪Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪Reach down deep ♪
♪Big defeat ♪
♪Do all
that we can do ♪
♪Halfway to forever ♪
♪We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪Keep breathing ♪
♪Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
Surprise, surprise!
Guess who!
Vector!
How did you survive?
I've got Don Thousand's Throne
to thank for that!
I sent it to the graveyard
which stopped the attack
and instantly
ended your turn, Marin!
And there's more...
Much more!
What?
Its final effect ranks up
Manipulator of Souls into
a Chaos Xyz Monster.
A Chaos Monster?
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Show yourself,
Chaos Number 43!
High Manipulator of Chaos!
♪
(Orbital Seven)
Pressure levels
set for landing.
One photon mile
to lunar touch-down.
(Kite)
Almost there.
Galaxy-Eyes...
(Orbital Seven)
Emergency!
Guidance systems unresponsive.
Mayday, mayday, mayday!
(groaning)
Activate propulsion mode!
What is that thing?
This is the brawl for
it all, Alito.
An' it's gonna be
a knockout win for me!
Since you lost
your Barian powers,
you're weaker than
a flyweight!
You're goin' down!
Oh, no!
This looks bad.
Have faith.
I believe Alito has a plan.
I'm still in
this fight, Girag.
I overlay my Level 2 Battlin'
Boxer Big Bandages
to build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon,
Number 64:
Ronin Raccoon Sandayu!
What the...
That used to be
my Number!
(screaming)
And you are...?
I'm Ponta,
a Number Guardian!
It's Ponta
Hey you're all right!
A Number Guardian?
You came just at
the right time.
I'm trying to make Girag
come to his senses.
Will you help me?
You bet I will!
(groaning)
I activate
Ronin Raccoon Sandayu's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
I summon one
Kagemusha Raccoon Token!
Now, Kagemusha Raccoon Token's
attack points become the same as
the monster with the most
attack points on the field!
So it's got just as
many attack points
as your Giant Red Hand!
Alright, Kagemusha attack
Giant Red Hand!
You're out of
your head!
Only a Number
can destroy a Number!
I'm very well
aware of that, Girag!
Are you aware
of this?
The trap Last Counter?
Your monster gives all its
attack points to my Number!
It's got 3,600
attack points?
If Alito destroys
Girag's Chaos Number
with the Mythyrian Number,
Don Thousand
won't control him!
Ronin Raccoon Sandayu
attack Giant Red Hand!
Yeah!
This'll bring Girag
to his senses!
All right Girag,
it's time!
Remember what really
happened to you!
(monstrous screaming)
I will now
rewrite your memories.
My... memories?
You will believe your
leaders betrayed you
and set up your downfall.
Your thirst for revenge
will serve me well
in Barian World.
Your mind and soul
both belong to me!
(monstrous screaming)
(screaming)
(Girag)
Yes...
I remember now!
Girag!
Let's get this show
on the road, Marin!
Presenting Cursed Chaos!
Now you have to pay 500 life
points if your want to activate
your monster's special ability.
Aww, but you only have 500
life points left,
so you can't
afford to!
But wait!
It gets worse!
I activate High Manipulator
of Chaos's special ability!
When you have
a monster with more
attack points than you
have life points,
I can use one
Chaos Overlay Unit to summon
a Manipulator Token!
Uhn!
(screaming)
Manipulator Token's attack
points become the same as your
life points, and it can attack
for every Chaos Overlay Unit
that High Manipulator
of Chaos has!
That happens to
be three times...
But it's only got
500 attack points!
Attack as many times
as you want!
My monster will
wipe it out!
I'm not sure
about that...
Manipulator Token,
attack Ragnafinity!
You just destroyed
your own monster!
(laughing)
Wrong-o!
Manipulator Token can't
be destroyed in battle,
and I don't take any damage!
So it survives?
Not only that,
but High Manipulator of Chaos
gains attack points
equal to
the damage
I would've taken!
No!
Yes!
And the fun doesn't stop!
Manipulator Token,
attack again!
(gasping)
Well, what do you know...
Even more attack points for
High Manipulator of Chaos!
I do hope you're
watching, Nash,
because the third time's
the charm.
(Nash)
Vector... enough!
You've got me
where you want me.
Vector...
Let her go!
Vector.
Vector and Don Thousand...
messed up my head!
Alito!
You were a tough nut to crack,
Girag, but it seems I finally
broke Don Thousand's
control over you.
I hope it was
worth the effort.
You saved me.
Alito!
Stay there!
There's one
last step in our duel.
Due to my trap card,
Last Counter,
I take damage equal to
the monster that
was destroyed.
That's 2,600 points...
And I've only got
200 life points left.
Why, Alito?
Why you taking
a dive for me?
Girag, no matter
what happened,
you were
always in my corner.
I'm glad I finally go
t the chance to be in yours.
Alito...
Yuma...
Astral...
I just fought
my last round.
I wish I could've
helped you more...
but you'll have to defeat
Don Thousand without me.
If anybody can do it,
you can.
You're... champions.
Alito!
Goodbye.
And thanks, Yuma.
For everything.
Alito!
No... Alito!
(crying)
Alito!
Vector...
(Vector)
Now High Manipulator
of Chaos
has 18,600
attack points!
This puppet's
gonna pulverize you!
(gasping, grunting)
High Manipulator of Chaos,
attack Ragnafinity
and finish her forever!
(screaming)
Marin...
(grunting)
Now, Dumon and Marin's
powers are mine!
I can feel it
surging within me...
No one can stop me
any longer!
(Don Thousand)
Vector.
You must go to
Girag at once!
He has become a wild card that
could jeopardize everything!
(Orbital Seven)
Master Kite,
I've detected an energy mass
that's heading this way!
Mizar.
About time.
I have arrived.
Yet I am certain
you knew that I would come.
How unfortunate that Quinton
and Trey are unable to join us.
I know.
No thanks to you.
I have a great deal
of respect for them.
They battled me to the end so
you and Yuma could get away.
I know.
Thanks to them I can finally
prove that I am the true
Galaxy-Eyes master
I would not
count on that.
(Yuma)
Alito...
We were finally
gonna be teammates.
Why'd this
have to happen?
I'm so...
sorry, Alito.
(sobbing)
Don Thousand and Vector
tricked us both...
Messed up
both our memories.
It's their fault!
Don Thousand and Vector...
you'll pay!
(maniacal laughing)
Huh?
(Vector)
Girag!
Yuma!
I've come for you!
Uh!
Ah!
(screaming)
Girag!
(Girag screaming)
You brainless oaf!
You brutish buffoon!
If you hadn't gotten in my way,
I could've captured
Yuma's powers!
That is, if he had any.
(growling)
Girag, what made
you save me?
My best friend
risked his life for you.
I thought I should
do the same.
Now it's up
to you, Yuma.
You go get 'em.
Girag.
(Ponta)
Master!
I always knew that you would do
the right thing in the end!
Ponta.
Oh, enough already!
Girag!
Ponta!
(maniacal laughing)
No, they're gone....
Why you...
Vector!
Girag and Alito
are no more, Yuma.
And I have their powers.
But they won't
be lonely.
They'll be with
Dumon and Marin!
No way!
You're lying!
Oh, I'm telling the truth.
Which is quite rare
for me, I know.
How horrible.
Vector!
Next I'll crush you, Astral
and the rest of
the Emperors,
and then the Numeron Code
will be mine!
(chuckling)
Huh?
Vector...
(screaming)
You're lucky I've got a nasty
little Nash that no ointment
can cure, but I'll be back to
vaporize you both!
Vector!
No!
This duel has been
a long time in the making.
It has brought our two
Galaxy-Eyes together...
And interestingly enough
their union today will
also act as a key.
A key to unlocking
the Numeron Code.
I uncovered everything
about the Numeron Code
when I returned
to the ruins
where I battled Jinlon.
There I found
a stone monolith
and learned the legend
of the Numeron Code.
Well, Kite, you came
as I knew you would.
Jinlon.
Here is written the secret
history of how the Numeron Code
came to be.
At the dawn of time,
there was a single dragon,
the source of all knowledge.
As it was the only creature in
existence, it was lonely,
so to cure its loneliness it
used its power
to create the universe.
However, this massive act of
creation used up
all the dragon's power,
so the dragon started to
fade away into nothing.
This made the dragon sad,
as it would never
be able to witness
how the universe would unfold.
Mourning the loss of what was
not to be, the dragon shed
a single tear
before it vanished.
That tear held all the dragon's
knowledge and emotions.
It traveled across
the vast cosmos, until...
it collided
with the Earth
and the force
of its impact
gave birth to the moon.
The knowledge in that tear
created the Numeron Code!?
Yes.
The Numeron Code
remains hidden on Earth
and the key to finding it
is on the moon.
Since the Numeron Code
can rewrite both the past
and the future,
the dragon knew it must be
protected from those who
would use it for evil.
For this reason, the dragon used
the Numbers to put a seal of
protection on the Code.
(Kite)
Carved in the stone
I found this riddle:
"Dragons of light and time,
born in the land
hidden by light.
A duel at this unseen soil
will reveal the code."
The riddle only
points to one place.
That's what led me
to the moon.
The dragons of light and time
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon
and Tachyon Dragon.
Exactly, and when they
battle on this sacred land,
the winner will get the key
to the Numeron Code.
That means the stakes
have never been higher.
Not only will we learn
who the true
Galaxy-Eyes master is...
whoever wins will be
one step closer
to the Numeron Code.
Actually, there's even
more at stake.
What makes you
think that?
There were two Galaxy-Eyes
engraved on the monolith,
but there was also
a third dragon.
What could it be?
Battle me and find out
for yourself!
I thought you
would never ask.
Now we shall finally discover
which one of us is the true
Galaxy-Eyes master!
(grunting)
♪
Let's duel!
Let us duel!